README.md, before:

# Wilt - What I Listen To
This is a browser client for displaying Wilt metrics.

This will display a timeline of play history for the specified user.
Inspired by [LastWave](https://github.com/taurheim/LastWave).

## Installation
Create a `constants.js` file to specify the Google Cloud Functions backend and
username that you want to query on.
Format is:
```javascript
// User to query on
const user = "<ENTER-USERNAME-HERE>";
// Endpoint to make requests to
const apiGatewayEndpoint = "<ENTER-BACKEND-URL-HERE>";
```

## Testing
```bash
npm test
```
Tests are run using [cypress](https://www.cypress.io/).
To use the UI run `npm run cypress:open`, however for some reason the
visual regression tests will fail when run via the UI - I'm still investigating
this.

## Screenshot
The current graph is a stacked area graph for artist plays per week for a
specific user. Note: when you hover over points it will show *some*
points, however it won't show all of them.

![My play history](screenshot.png)

## TODO
- Dates on the x-axis
- Username input
- Better annotation placement
- Fix hover labels not showing every point

Commit message:

Document timezone issues in tests

README.md, after:

# Wilt - What I Listen To
This is a browser client for displaying Wilt metrics.

This will display a timeline of play history for the specified user.
Inspired by [LastWave](https://github.com/taurheim/LastWave).

## Installation
Create a `constants.js` file to specify the Google Cloud Functions backend and
username that you want to query on.
Format is:
```javascript
// User to query on
const user = "<ENTER-USERNAME-HERE>";
// Endpoint to make requests to
const apiGatewayEndpoint = "<ENTER-BACKEND-URL-HERE>";
```

## Testing
```bash
npm test
```
Tests are run using [cypress](https://www.cypress.io/).
To use the UI run `npm run cypress:open`, however for some reason the
visual regression tests will fail when run via the UI - I'm still investigating
this.

NOTE: tests the timezone is `Australia/Sydney`. This is a limitation of
cypress, documented [here](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/1043).
Travis has been setup with this timezone.

## Screenshot
The current graph is a stacked area graph for artist plays per week for a
specific user. Note: when you hover over points it will show *some*
points, however it won't show all of them.

![My play history](screenshot.png)

## TODO
- Dates on the x-axis
- Username input
- Better annotation placement
- Fix hover labels not showing every point
